# Rituals

Though Obsolism is strictly non-theistic, it's recognized that observing rituals and ceremonies not only helps relax an individual but gives them also gives them a sense of purpose and belonging. Therefore we offer such rituals, not as worship or prayer but for meditation and reflection.

## Baptism
On a winter's night when the moon is full, await the witching hour when silence strangles the noise until it ceases. Dress yourself in only pants of a thin fabric and sleeveless shirt. Empty your pockets of belongings and your head of coverings. Leave behind your shelter and walk out into the piercing air, feel the hairs of your arms stand up and the tingling of your ears. Slowly inhale, and savor the cool air as your body heat transfers into it. As you breathe out, admire the air leaving your lungs as it begins its own expedition into the night. Feel yourself taken along with the air, as if some part of you was contained within that breath. The feeling of cold, the weight of your bones, all this fades away as you float up and join the great march of entropy. Now feel yourself come back. Look up at the stars, witness the lack of barrier between them and you. If gravity were to suddenly reverse there would be nothing you could do to stop yourself from floating endless upward, you'd be cast out into the void without so much as a life jacket to comfort you. Now come back once again. Realize that aside from the cold, there's nothing to harm you. Blaspheme your old god, seek out demons, invite the extra-terrestrial to strike you. Nothing will come. You are alone and you are cold, nothing more. Return to shelter or do not, that is only your decision.

